1. Explain the term “Double Brace Initialisation” in Java?
Double Brace Initialization is a Java term that refers to the combination of two independent processes. 
There are two braces used in this. The first brace creates an anonymous inner class. The second brace is an initialization block.
When these both are used together, it is known as Double Brace Initialisation. The inner class has a reference to the enclosing outer class, 
genertally using the ‘this’ pointer. It is used to do both creation and initialization in a single statement.
It is generally used to initialize collections. It reduces the code and also makes it more readable.

2. What is constructor chaining in Java?
In Java, constructor chaining is the process of calling one constructor from another with respect to the current object. 
Constructor chaining is possible only through legacy where a subclass constructor is responsible for invoking the superclass’ constructor first.
There could be any number of classes in the constructor chain. Constructor chaining can be achieved in two ways:

Within the same class using this()
From base class using super()

3.What is a classloader in Java?
The Java ClassLoader is a subset of JVM (Java Virtual Machine) that is responsible for loading the class files.
Whenever a Java program is executed it is first loaded by the classloader. Java provides three built-in classloaders:

Bootstrap ClassLoader
Extension ClassLoader
System/Application ClassLoader

Why Java Strings are immutable in nature?
In Java, string objects are immutable in nature which simply means once the String object is created its state cannot be modified.
Whenever you try to update the value of that object instead of updating the values of that particular object, Java creates a new string object.
Java String objects are immutable as String objects are generally cached in the String pool. Since String literals are usually shared between multiple clients,
action from one client might affect the rest. 
It enhances security, caching, synchronization, and performance of the application. 
